chore: prepare the openapi generator beta release (#843)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: CHANGELOG.md

## Compatibility Notes

- The methods `refreshTokenGrant`,`userTokenGrant` and `clientCredentialsGrant` of the `xsuaa-service` now accept a `string` or `XsuaaServiceCredentials` as first argument.

> A `string` value denotes the URL of the token service where it is not changed.
> A `XsuaaServiceCredentials` denotes that the XSUAA service is used to receive the token and a suffix `oauth/token` is appended to the URL property within `XsuaaServiceCredentials`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case it is a `string` it is treated as the URL to fetch the access token from.
In case it is an object of type `XsuaaServiceCredentials`, the the URL is built by appending `oauth/token` to the `.url` of the given object.
```

> - The methods `refreshTokenGrant`,`userTokenGrant` and `clientCredentialsGrant` of the `xsuaa-service` accept now a `string` or `XsuaaServiceCredentials` as first argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The methods `refreshTokenGrant`,`userTokenGrant` and `clientCredentialsGrant` of the `xsuaa-service` now accept a `string` or `XsuaaServiceCredentials` as first argument.
```

> This argument represents the `URL` used to fetch the access token from and represent two cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

A `string` value denotes the URL of the token service where it is not changed.

> A `XsuaaServiceCredentials` denotes that the XSUAA service is used to receive the token and a suffix `oauth/token` is appended to the URL property within `XsuaaServiceCredentials`.

Reviewer: In case it is a `string` it is treated as the URL to fetch the access token from.
In case it is an object of type `XsuaaServiceCredentials`, the the URL is built by appending `oauth/token` to the `.url` of the given object.

> In the past the suffix was also appended for `string` inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past this suffix was also appended to inputs of type `string`.
```

## New Functionality

> - [Generator] Added experimental support for OpenAPI Specifications. All functionality related to OpenAPI generator is subject to change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Generator] Added experimental support for OpenAPI Specifications. All functionality related to the OpenAPI generator is subject to change.
```

Reviewer 2: Should [Generator] be a link?

> - [Generator] Added experimental support for OpenAPI Specifications. All functionality related to OpenAPI generator is subject to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add experimental support for the client generation of OpenAPI specifications. All functionality related to the OpenAPI generator is subject to change.
```

> - [Generator] Added experimental support for OpenAPI Specifications. All functionality related to the OpenAPI generator is subject to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add experimental support for client generation of OpenAPI services. All functionality related to the OpenAPI generator is subject to change.
```
